README.md, before:

# Ran Mouri Discord Bot

## Commands

- `/choice`
    - Make a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group.
        - Required.
- `/choices view`
    - View choices or choice groups.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to view choices.
        - Optional. If not specified, you can view choice groups.
- `/choices add`
    - Add a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to add.
        - Required.
    - option `value`
        - To specify a value of choice to add.
        - Required.
- `/choices delete`
    - Delete a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to delete.
        - Required.
    - option `value`
        - To specify a value of choice to delete.
        - Required.
- `/random`
    - Get RANDOM values.
    - option `count`
        - To specify a count of values.
        - Optional. Default value is 7.
- `/r-random`
    - Get R-RANDOM values.
    - option `count`
        - To specify a count of values.
        - Optional. Default value is 7.

Commit message:

feat: Delete all choices of a group.

README.md, after:

# Ran Mouri Discord Bot

## Commands

- `/choice`
    - Make a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group.
        - Required.
- `/choices view`
    - View choices or choice groups.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to view choices.
        - Optional. If not specified, you can view choice groups.
- `/choices add`
    - Add a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to add.
        - Required.
    - option `value`
        - To specify a value of choice to add.
        - Required.
- `/choices delete`
    - Delete a choice.
    - option `group`
        - To specify a choice group to delete.
        - Required.
    - option `value`
        - To specify a value of choice to delete.
        - Optional. If not specified, all choices of the specified group is deleted.
- `/random`
    - Get RANDOM values.
    - option `count`
        - To specify a count of values.
        - Optional. Default value is 7.
- `/r-random`
    - Get R-RANDOM values.
    - option `count`
        - To specify a count of values.
        - Optional. Default value is 7.
